.nh
.TH "TKN-RESULTS" "1" "Apr 2025" "Tekton Results CLI" ""

.SH NAME
.PP
tkn-results - Tekton Results CLI


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBtkn-results\fP


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Environment Variables:
    TKN_RESULTS_SSL_ROOTS_FILE_PATH: Path to local SSL cert to use.
    TKN_RESULTS_SSL_SERVER_NAME_OVERRIDE: SSL server name override (useful if using with a proxy such as kubectl port-forward).

.PP
Config:
    A config file may be stored in \fB~/.config/tkn/results.yaml\fR to configure the CLI client.

.EX
Fields:
- address: Results API Server address
- service_account: When specified, the CLI will first fetch a bearer token
                   for the specified ServiceAccount and attach that to Result API requests.
    - namespace: ServiceAccount namespace
    - name: ServiceAccount name
- token: Bearer token to use for API requests. Takes priority over service_account.
- ssl: SSL connection options
    - roots_file_path: Path to a certificate to include in the cert pool. Useful for adding allowed self-signed certs.
    - server_name_override: For testing only. Sets the grpc.ssl_target_name_override value for requests.
- portforward: enable auto portforwarding to tekton-results-api-service when address is set and portforward is true, tkn-results will portforward tekton-results-api-service automatically
.EE

.PP
Example:

.EX
```
address: results.dogfooding.tekton.dev:443
token: abcd1234
ssl:
    roots_file_path: path/to/file
    server_name_override: example.com
service_account:
    namespace: default
    name: result-reader
portforward: false
```
.EE


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB-a\fP, \fB--addr\fP=""
	Result API server address. If not specified, tkn-result would port-forward to service/tekton-results-api-service automatically

.PP
\fB-t\fP, \fB--authtoken\fP=""
	authorization bearer token to use for authenticated requests

.PP
\fB-h\fP, \fB--help\fP[=false]
	help for tkn-results

.PP
\fB--insecure\fP[=false]
	determines whether to run insecure GRPC tls request

.PP
\fB--portforward\fP[=true]
	enable auto portforwarding to tekton-results-api-service, when addr is set and portforward is true, tkn-results will portforward tekton-results-api-service automatically

.PP
\fB--sa\fP=""
	ServiceAccount to use instead of token for authorization and authentication

.PP
\fB--sa-ns\fP=""
	ServiceAccount Namespace, if not given, it will be taken from current context

.PP
\fB--v1alpha2\fP[=false]
	use v1alpha2 API for get log command


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBtkn-results-config(1)\fP, \fBtkn-results-logs(1)\fP, \fBtkn-results-pipelinerun(1)\fP, \fBtkn-results-records(1)\fP, \fBtkn-results-result(1)\fP
